Improve documentation around formatting assets and annotations in a dataset (#681)
kolenaIO/kolena: docs/dataset/advanced-usage/dataset-formatting/computer-vision.md

    |-------||--------------|------------------|----------------|
    | `s3://kolena-examples/data/h0.png`| `s3://kolena-examples/data/thumbnail/h0.png` | horse | 153.994 | 84.126 |

### Including Assets and Annotations

> Kolena supports the inclusion of overlay annotations andasset files as fields in a dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kolena supports the inclusion of overlay annotations and asset files as fields in a dataset.
```

>     Bounding box visualization only works for videos with `5`, `15`, `29.97` and `59.94` frame rates.

Reviewer 2: I should've done this already but we do support other frame rates provided that users upload a `frame_rate` col after [this marina change](https://github.com/kolenaIO/marina/pull/3953). Created [a ticket](https://linear.app/kolena/issue/KOL-7448/documentation-on-frame-rate-support) that I'll do this cycle.
